This mod adds a number of decorative and functional blocks to Minetest, 
including cement, rainbow blocks, "evil" blocks and sticks, and the usual 
collection of tools of various strengths and speeds made from either cement or 
"evil" components.  It also supplies a few useful functions - see below.

Crafting

(Unless explicitly mentioned, ingredients can go anywhere in the crafting grid
in these recipes).

* Rainbow Blocks can be crafted by putting one each of red, orange, yellow,
  green, blue, and violet dyes plus one stone and one Mese Crystal into the
  crafting grid.  Yields 1, works with Unified Dyes as well as the game's
  default dyes.

* Three of those can be crafted to form one pop tart cat rainbow, or nine can
  be crafted together to form one pop tart cat itself.

* Wet cement is crafted from a bucket of water and a block of gravel.  This
  can be cooked into dried cement, which can be crafted into tools or back
  into gravel.

* An "evil" stick can be crafted from one lump of coal, one regular stick, and
  one lump of Kalite from the Gloop Ores mod.

* Four of those can be crafted into an "evil" block, which can also be crafted
  back to "evil" sticks.  These blocks emit a small amount of light.

* Cement tools are crafted in the usual manner, using cement blocks for the
  tool heads instead of the usual steel, cobble, etc.

* "Evil" tools can be crafted using the same standard recipes as for other
  tools, substitution "evil" sticks for the handles and "evil" blocks for the
  tool heads.

* Regular sticks can be crafted back into wood blocks by placing four of them
  in a square.

* Cement and "evil" blocks can also be crafted into various stairs and slabs,
  following the same recipes as with other stairs and slabs.  Evil stairs and
  slabs emit a small amount of light.

* Pavement (as for roads or parking lots) can be crafted by placing wet cement
  ("W") and basalt ("B") into the crafting grid in a 3x3 checkerboard (yields
  5):
	W B W
	B W B
	W B W

  (you can also swap wet cement and basalt, using five and four portions,
  respectively)

Other useful stuff:
-------------------

* Cobblestone turns to mossy cobblestone in the presence of water (either
  flowing or not).

* When water and lava come into contact with one another, they will form one
  of three materials:  Flowing lava coming into contact with standing water
  forms basalt, both flowing into one another form pumice, while standing lava
  forms obsidian when in contact with flowing or standing water.  Note that if
  you're using this along with the standard minetest_game repository dated
  March 9 or later, this function no longer works, because the game provides a
  similar, less capable function.

Notes:
------

The cobblestone and mossy cobblestone road bed textures were derived from:
http://opengameart.org/content/rpg-tiles-cobble-stone-paths-town-objects
...and the default grass texture that comes with minetest_game.
